i
they are from the house and the back door
where is the hot beat so that
everyone wants things and makes
this environment the smoke of a river and I
fly here there's no
not laugh
I do not want to look calm
I know that everything in this life happens
and I never change
and now this
Y
I'm from the street and the back door more
from the bottom I can deny it I broke the
shirt if the world gives me and then it's over
charming
good
and I decided joaquin courteous and Juan Carlos
Acosta enabled the occasion there in
at raven tinelli numeral I like
numeral site I do not like the site you
the fifth jury begins voting
started voting people are going to
see after the vote of the fifth jury
Lords vote of Mrs. Nacha
guevara
good night guys
juan carlos you made a gypsy what
it's called a gypsy
thank you very much to roberto that there are with the
crutches was helping us for panama
this beautiful choreography and the people
of flamenco culture the truth is a
pleasure we did it with a lot of respect with
little time but with a lot of respect
we know that it is very difficult but
we really did it with the heart so
also our regards to for
they
Flamenco is only made with the heart
of pure heart
I did not understand your suit mommy I did not understand
I really did not understand
and on stage the habit makes the
monk or may it be in your favor or
conspire against you if you do not
helped
again like the previous choreography
Juan Carlos look at you because
you really saw the character
technique attitude
the same thing happened to me in the choreography
previous I think
jessica you're going to have to tie t
with your partner in some way because
clear but the dancer is very many
years and it's excellent it turns out to be difficult
score because the figure is you and
It's not fair to him either but the truth
the couple was very lopsided the
energy differences of technique
attitude were very big so I'm going to
try to make an intermediate but
I want you to know Juan Carlos that you are
doing very well and that you're having
a very big progress then you're
last galas science thanks and I promise
do better next time is that
we have to do it or nothing to thank him
also to jessica that gives me the
possibility if you do not feel guilty not
you feel guilty what is is idiot
is never going to be equated because he is a
professional dancer from years ago and she
It's not a dancer, it's a model and yes, I know
but good as he gave me an account of
but as some have been tied
others not but he saw himself today he looked very
very uneven special a shame
I find it hard guys because here
I try to be fair
the vote of the lady who is
thinking is a